docs: coming from langchain (#1660)
docarray/docarray: README.md

> - [Coming from Pydantic](#coming-from-pydantic)
> - [Coming from FastAPI](#coming-from-fastapi)
> - [Coming from a vector database](#coming-from-vector-database)
> - [Coming from Langchain](#coming-from-langchain)

> DocArray was released under the open-source [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/docarray/docarray/blob/main/LICENSE) in January 2022. It is currently a sandbox project under [LF AI & Data Foundation](https://lfaidata.foundation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DocArray has been distributed under the open-source [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/docarray/docarray/blob/main/LICENSE) since January 2022. It is currently a sandbox project under [LF AI & Data Foundation](https://lfaidata.foundation/).
```

</details>

## Coming from Langchain

<details markdown="1">
  <summary>Click to expand</summary>

> With DocArray, you can connect external data to LLMs via Langchain. You have two 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With DocArray, you can connect external data sources to LLMs via Langchain. You have two 
```

options: take advantage of the built-in DocArray vector stores provided in Langchain, or establish your 
own document index with DocArray, which can then be tied to your Langchain apps using DocArrayRetriever.

### Built-in Vector Stores
Langchain supports two vector stores: [DocArrayInMemorySearch](https://python.langchain.com/docs/modules/data_connection/vectorstores/integrations/docarray_in_memory) and [DocArrayHnswSearch](https://python.langchain.com/docs/modules/data_connection/vectorstores/integrations/docarray_hnsw). 

> They are user-friendly and catered towards small to medium-sized datasets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are user-friendly and are best suited to small to medium-sized datasets. 
```

> They are user-friendly and are best suited to small to medium-sized datasets. 

Author: good point, I'll prioritize retriever part

> Below is an example of how to use these built-in vector stores:

Reviewer 2: lets add how to downlaod langchain first

> Below is an example of how to utilize these built-in vector stores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how to use these built-in vector stores:
```

```python
from langchain.embeddings.openai import OpenAIEmbeddings
from langchain.text_splitter import CharacterTextSplitter
from langchain.vectorstores import DocArrayInMemorySearch
from langchain.document_loaders import TextLoader
from langchain.chat_models import ChatOpenAI
from langchain.chains import ConversationalRetrievalChain

# Load and split the document
documents = TextLoader("../../../state_of_the_union.txt").load()
text_splitter = CharacterTextSplitter(chunk_size=1000, chunk_overlap=0)
docs = text_splitter.split_documents(documents)

embeddings = OpenAIEmbeddings()

# Initialize the vector store (you may alternatively use `DocArrayHnswSearch`)
db = DocArrayInMemorySearch.from_documents(docs, embeddings)

# Convert the vector store into a retriever
retriever = db.as_retriever()

# Connect the retriever to your preferred chain
model = ChatOpenAI()
qa = ConversationalRetrievalChain.from_llm(model, retriever=retriever)
```

### DocArrayRetriever

> If you require more flexibility, DocArray enables you to create a custom document index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need more flexibility, DocArray lets you create custom document indices. 
```

Follow these steps to create a document index:

1. Define a schema and create documents:
```python
from docarray import BaseDoc, DocList
from docarray.typing import NdArray
from langchain.embeddings.openai import OpenAIEmbeddings

embeddings = OpenAIEmbeddings()

# Define a document schema
class MovieDoc(BaseDoc):
    title: str
    description: str
    year: int
    embedding: NdArray[1536]

movies = [
    {"title": "#1 title", "description": "#1 description", "year": 1999},
    {"title": "#2 title", "description": "#2 description", "year": 2001},
]

# Embed `description` and create documents
docs = DocList[MovieDoc](
    MovieDoc(embedding=embeddings.embed_query(movie["description"]), **movie)
    for movie in movies
)
```

2. Initialize a document index using any supported backend:
```python
from docarray.index import (
    InMemoryExactNNIndex,
    HnswDocumentIndex,
    WeaviateDocumentIndex,
    QdrantDocumentIndex,
    ElasticDocIndex,
)

# Select a suitable backend and initialize it with data
db = InMemoryExactNNIndex[MovieDoc](docs)
```

> 3. Finally, initialize a retriever and integrate it into your chain!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally, initialize a retriever and integrate it into your chain:
```
